README.md, before:

EqSmartFire spams hotkeys in EverQuest. It was inspired by AutoFire and aims to improve upon it by reducing 
interference with attended game play.

Download from the [releases page](https://github.com/grantoverby/EqSmartFire/releases/latest).

| Shortcut               | Function                             |
|------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| CTRL + hotkey          | Toggle spam for corresponding hotkey |
| CTRL + [               | Pause spamming                       |
| CTRL + ]               | Resume spamming                      |
| /                      | Enter typing mode                    |
| r                      | Enter typing mode                    |
| ENTER                  | Exit typing mode                     |
| CTRL + /               | Exit typing mode                     |
| CTRL + SHIFT + delay   | Sets delay between key presses       |
| CTRL + `               | Reset all settings                   |

Spamming is suppressed if paused, typing, a modifier key is held, or if EverQuest is not the foreground window.

Multiple hotkeys can be toggled simultaneously.

Available delays: 1 = 0.5s, 2 = 0.75s, 3 = 1s, 4 = 2s, 5 = 10s, 6 = 

Default delay: 1 = 0.5s

Commit message:

ignore input if parsec is foreground window

README.md, after:

EqSmartFire spams hotkeys in EverQuest. It was inspired by AutoFire and aims to improve upon it by reducing 
interference with attended game play.

Download from the [releases page](https://github.com/grantoverby/EqSmartFire/releases/latest).

| Shortcut               | Function                             |
|------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| CTRL + hotkey          | Toggle spam for corresponding hotkey |
| CTRL + [               | Pause spamming                       |
| CTRL + ]               | Resume spamming                      |
| /                      | Enter typing mode                    |
| r                      | Enter typing mode                    |
| ENTER                  | Exit typing mode                     |
| CTRL + /               | Exit typing mode                     |
| CTRL + SHIFT + delay   | Sets delay between key presses       |
| CTRL + `               | Reset all settings                   |

Spamming is suppressed if paused, typing, a modifier key is held, or if EverQuest is not the foreground window.

Multiple hotkeys can be toggled simultaneously.

Input is ignored if Parsec is the foreground window.

Available delays: 1 = 0.5s, 2 = 0.75s, 3 = 1s, 4 = 2s, 5 = 10s, 6 = 

Default delay: 1 = 0.5s
